The Singing Walrus. Counting from 1 to 10!
[bass and drums intro]
One, two, three. - One, two, three!
Four, five, six. - Four, five, six!
Seven. - Seven!
Eight. - Eight!
Nine and ten. - Nine and ten!
Do you know
how to count?
Yes I know
how to count!
Do you know - do you know?
how to count? - How to count?
Yes, I know! - Yes, I know!
how to count. - How to count!
One, two, three. - One, two, three.
Four, five, six. - Four, five, six.
Seven. - Seven!
Eight. - Eight!
Nine and ten. - Nine and ten!
One, two, three. - One, two, three!
Four, five, six. - Four, five, six!
Seven. - Seven!
Eight. - Eight!
Nine and ten. - Nine and ten!
[instrumental]
One, two, three, four
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Can you count
from ten to one?
I can count from ten to one
Can you count - can you count
from ten to one? - From ten to one?
I can count - I can count!
from ten to one. - From ten to one!
Ten, nine, eight, seven
six, five, four, three, two, one.
six, five, four, three, two, one
[kids cheering]
[ocean sound]